blackbox:blackbox.exe:Black Box:Ball-finding puzzle:Find the hidden balls in the box by bouncing laser beams off them.
bridges:bridges.exe:Bridges:Bridge-placing puzzle:Connect all the islands with a network of bridges.
cube:cube.exe:Cube:Rolling cube puzzle:Pick up all the blue squares by rolling the cube over them.
dominosa:dominosa.exe:Dominosa:Domino tiling puzzle:Tile the rectangle with a full set of dominoes.
fifteen:fifteen.exe:Fifteen:Sliding block puzzle:Slide the tiles around to arrange them into order.
filling:filling.exe:Filling:Polyomino puzzle:Mark every square with the area of its containing region.
flip:flip.exe:Flip:Tile inversion puzzle:Flip groups of squares to light them all up at once.
flood:flood.exe:Flood:Flood-filling puzzle:Turn the grid the same colour in as few flood fills as possible.
galaxies:galaxies.exe:Galaxies:Symmetric polyomino puzzle:Divide the grid into rotationally symmetric regions each centred on a dot.
guess:guess.exe:Guess:Combination-guessing puzzle:Guess the hidden combination of colours.
inertia:inertia.exe:Inertia:Gem-collecting puzzle:Collect all the gems without running into any of the mines.
keen:keen.exe:Keen:Arithmetic Latin square puzzle:Complete the latin square in accordance with the arithmetic clues.
lightup:lightup.exe:Light Up:Light-bulb placing puzzle:Place bulbs to light up all the squares.
loopy:loopy.exe:Loopy:Loop-drawing puzzle:Draw a single closed loop, given clues about number of adjacent edges.
magnets:magnets.exe:Magnets:Magnet-placing puzzle:Place magnets to satisfy the clues and avoid like poles touching.
map:map.exe:Map:Map-colouring puzzle:Colour the map so that adjacent regions are never the same colour.
mines:mines.exe:Mines:Mine-finding puzzle:Find all the mines without treading on any of them.
net:netgame.exe:Net:Network jigsaw puzzle:Rotate each tile to reassemble the network.
netslide:netslide.exe:Netslide:Toroidal sliding network puzzle:Slide a row at a time to reassemble the network.
palisade:palisade.exe:Palisade:Grid-division puzzle:Divide the grid into equal-sized areas in accordance with the clues.
pattern:pattern.exe:Pattern:Pattern puzzle:Fill in the pattern in the grid, given only the lengths of runs of black squares.
pearl:pearl.exe:Pearl:Loop-drawing puzzle:Draw a single closed loop, given clues about corner and straight squares.
pegs:pegs.exe:Pegs:Peg solitaire puzzle:Jump pegs over each other to remove all but one.
range:range.exe:Range:Visible-distance puzzle:Place black squares to limit the visible distance from each numbered cell.
rect:rect.exe:Rectangles:Rectangles puzzle:Divide the grid into rectangles with areas equal to the numbers.
samegame:samegame.exe:Same Game:Block-clearing puzzle:Clear the grid by removing touching groups of the same colour squares.
signpost:signpost.exe:Signpost:Square-connecting puzzle:Connect the squares into a path following the arrows.
singles:singles.exe:Singles:Number-removing puzzle:Black out the right set of duplicate numbers.
sixteen:sixteen.exe:Sixteen:Toroidal sliding block puzzle:Slide a row at a time to arrange the tiles into order.
slant:slant.exe:Slant:Maze-drawing puzzle:Draw a maze of slanting lines that matches the clues.
solo:solo.exe:Solo:Number placement puzzle:Fill in the grid so that each row, column and square block contains one of every digit.
tents:tents.exe:Tents:Tent-placing puzzle:Place a tent next to each tree.
towers:towers.exe:Towers:Tower-placing Latin square puzzle:Complete the latin square of towers in accordance with the clues.
tracks:tracks.exe:Tracks:Path-finding railway track puzzle:Fill in the railway track according to the clues.
twiddle:twiddle.exe:Twiddle:Rotational sliding block puzzle:Rotate the tiles around themselves to arrange them into order.
undead:undead.exe:Undead:Monster-placing puzzle:Place ghosts, vampires and zombies so that the right numbers of them can be seen in mirrors.
unequal:unequal.exe:Unequal:Latin square puzzle:Complete the latin square in accordance with the > signs.
unruly:unruly.exe:Unruly:Black and white grid puzzle:Fill in the black and white grid to avoid runs of three.
untangle:untangle.exe:Untangle:Planar graph layout puzzle:Reposition the points so that the lines do not cross.
